lib: pdn: use heap for AT response buffer and make size configurable and increase CONFIG_HEAP_MEM_POOL_SIZE to 1280 for net samples (#20087)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Networking samples
------------------

> * Updated the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_HEAP_MEM_POOL_SIZE` Kconfig option value to at least 1280 for all networking samples.
>   This is a requirement from zephyr and removes a build warning.
> * Updated the following samples to use the :ref:`lib_downloader` library instead of the :ref:`lib_download_client` library:

Reviewer: Suggestion for line no: 373 to 379
```suggestion
* Updated:
  
  * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_HEAP_MEM_POOL_SIZE` Kconfig option value to ``1280`` for all networking samples.
    This is a requirement from Zephyr and removes a build warning.
  * The following samples to use the :ref:`lib_downloader` library instead of the :ref:`lib_download_client` library:

    * :ref:`aws_iot`
    * :ref:`azure_iot_hub`
    * :ref:`download_sample`
```

Author: Updated, though it is not for all networking samples, only those that had a lower value than 1280.

>   * Deprecated the :c:func:`pdn_dynamic_params_get` function.
>     Use the new function :c:func:`pdn_dynamic_info_get` instead.
>   * Added the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PDN_DYNAMIC_INFO_AT_BUF_SIZE ` Kconfig option to set the response buffer size for the ``AT+CGCONTRDP`` AT command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PDN_DYNAMIC_INFO_AT_BUF_SIZE ` Kconfig option to set the response buffer size for the ``AT+CGCONTRDP`` AT command.
  * Deprecated the :c:func:`pdn_dynamic_params_get` function.
    Use the new function :c:func:`pdn_dynamic_info_get` instead.
```
Interchanged Added and deprecated to follow the order.
